storage: Add disk layout section (#182)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/storage.adoc

=== x86_64 Partition Table

The x86_64 disk image is GPT formatted with a protective MBR. It supports booting via both BIOS and UEFI (including secure boot).

.Partition Table for x86_64
|============================================================================================
| Number | Label      | Description                                          | Partition Type
| 1      | boot       | Contains GRUB configuration, kernel/initramfs images | ext4
| 2      | EFI-SYSTEM | Contains EFI GRUB image and secure boot shim         | FAT32
| 3      | BIOS-BOOT  | Contains BIOS GRUB image                             | raw data
| 4      | root       | Contains the root filesystem                         | xfs
|============================================================================================

The EFI-SYSTEM partition can be deleted or reformatted when BIOS booting. Similarly, the BIOS-BOOT partition can be deleted or reformatted when
EFI booting.

== Mounted Filesystems

> Fedora CoreOS uses OSTree, which contains multiple deployments of the same OS. Each deployment contains a full root filesystem which gets mounted to / on boot. All deployments of the same OS share the same /var, which is kept separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fedora CoreOS uses OSTree, which is a system for managing multiple bootable operating system trees that share storage.  This is distinct from e.g. Container Linux which used a dual partition system.  In Fedora CoreOS each operating system version will be part of the `/` filesystem.  All deployments share the same `/var` which can be on the same filesystem, or mounted separately.
```

=== State in /var

OSTree requires all state be kept in `/var`. Traditional places that might hold state (e.g. `/home`, or `/srv`) are symlinks to directories in `/var` (e.g. `/var/home` or `/var/srv`). Creating new directories under the root directory is not supported and disallowed by the immutable attribute. The contents of `/var` are located at `/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/var` by default, though moving `/var` to it's own filesystem is also supported using Fedora CoreOS configs.

=== Read only /usr

> OSTree mounts `/usr` read only. Making changes to `/usr` or remounting it read/write is not supported.

Reviewer: I'd say this more strongly - the only places admins should be changing are in `/etc` and `/var` and maybe in very rare cases `/boot`.

(Notably `/` has the immutable bit, this relates to https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/270 )

=== Multiple deployments

> The root filesystem contents are located at `/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/$deployment_hash`. On boot OSTree will read the `ostree=` kernel argument to determine which deployment to use. This deployment is then mounted as `/`. Each update creates a new deployment. This enables rolling back to a previous deployment if the update causes problems.

Reviewer: I'd note this is an implementation detail - perhaps useful for debugging, but admins should not touch anything in `/ostree` directly.

This shows the default mountpoints for a Fedora CoreOS system installed on a `/dev/vda` disk:

.Default mountpoints on x86_64
[source,bash]
----
$ findmnt --real # Some details are elided
TARGET        SOURCE                                                   FSTYPE  OPTIONS
/             /dev/vda4[/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/$hash]     xfs     rw
|-/sysroot    /dev/vda4                                                xfs     ro
|-/etc        /dev/vda4[/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/$hash/etc] xfs     rw
|-/usr        /dev/vda4[/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/$hash/usr] xfs     ro
|-/var        /dev/vda4[/ostree/deploy/fedora-coreos/deploy/var]       xfs     rw
`-/boot       /dev/vda1                                                ext4    rw
  `-/boot/efi /dev/vda2                                                vfat    rw
----

=== Immutable `/`, read only `/usr`

> As OSTree is used to manage all files belonging to the operating system, the `/` and `/usr` mountpoints are not writtable. Any changes to the operating system should be applied via https://coreos.github.io/rpm-ostree/administrator-handbook/[`rpm-ostree`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As OSTree is used to manage all files belonging to the operating system, the `/` and `/usr` mountpoints are not writable. Any changes to the operating system should be applied via https://coreos.github.io/rpm-ostree/administrator-handbook/[`rpm-ostree`].
```
